
# Functional Requirements

## Multiple Toolchain Support

The list of supported compilers is the following:
  - clang
  - gcc
  - Visual C++

## Multiple Programming Languages
The tool should be able to use several programming languages in the same project. This will ease the development of multi-technology projects (for example, Python frontend with C/C++ based backends).

  - Support for C
  - Support for C++
  - Support for Assembly
  - Support for Python.

## C++ specific requirements
### Project management
- A project is composed by one or more components:
  - Program. An executable program. Can be constructed from C/C++ source files, object files, static libraries and another dynamic libraries.
  - Static Library. Compendium of multiple object files, archived into a single library for direct inclusion on executable Programs or Dynamic Libraries.
  - Dynamic Library. A library loaded at runtime by a program.
- Programs and Libraries are constructed from C/C++ source files, object files, and static libraries.

### Automatic management for build-time and run-time dependencies.
- runtime dependency: A dynamic library required to run the executable.
- buildtime dependency: A dynamic or static library and/or header-based library, required to build the binary (an executable or dynamic library).

### Automatic management for internal and external dependencies.
	- Internal dependency: Dependency defined by the current project itself.
	- External dependency: Dependency defined by default, and generally avaiable in the host system.

### Flexible and transparent build support
- Different compiler support (GCC, Visual C++, Intel C++, etc).
- Compiler independent
- Debug, Release and others.
- Static and Shared Libraries.
- Static and Shared Runtime Libraries.
- 32, 64 bits, etc.
- x86, ARM, etc.
